[MUSIC]
What do you think are the challenging
questions that we need to answer,
in terms of defining safety for
an autonomous car?
Is it a solved problem, do we know how to
assess safety in self-driving vehicles?
Or are there just too many things or too
many variables to actually properly handle
a concrete definition of whether or
not a car is safe?
>> So safety can be defined
easily in terms of language.
You can basically say,
well, it's a absence of unreasonable risk,
in this case, risk of a crash.
However, when you dig down into
the definition, it becomes very complex,
because essentially,
the question is what is unreasonable risk?
And then how do you show that that
unreasonable risk is not there, right,
that basically you only
have acceptable risk?
>> Right.
>> And with any complex system,
you have to essentially identify
the hazards that are there.
>> Yeah.
>> And essentially,
these hazards can exist in the design,
in the implementation, but
also in the operation of a system, right?
So essentially, we have three steps.
We have to identify these hazards,
we have to identify the mechanisms or
the ways in which the hazards can occur,
and then we have to address them.
Right, we have to address them in design,
implementation, and operation.
And so for self-driving vehicles, there's
many of these hazards that can occur.
>> For sure, and so
it seems like the challenge is a bit
about how much testing has to be done.
There's a Rand report that came
out that expressed the numbers.
It's just absolutely astronomical to
guarantee that we understand whether or
not we're achieving
human-level performance,
something on the order of 400 years
of testing, 24 hours, 7 days a week.
Do you see that as a fundamental stopper?
Is this whole pursuit of
autonomous driving just
impossible because of the requirements for
testing, or
is there some way around this
astronomical number of miles?
>> So I don't think there's a way
around having enough of these miles.
Before it was called validation testing,
so
essentially understanding
the requirements, right?
>> Right.
>> And even though these are sort
of astronomical numbers, once
you have a large enough fleet, we will
eventually collect these miles, right?
>> So we have to release the technology
before we know whether or
not it's reliable?
>> Of course, we have to do
this in an incremental fashion.
That's why we do the testing, initially.
It's a feedback loop.
We learn about what works in practice,
what are the risks, and
we address those risks as we roll out.
So there's a very important distinction
between the validation testing and
verification testing, where,
let's say if you change your system, or
let's say you improve your software, you
don't have to redo all these kilometers.
The kilometers are there,
defined in the requirements, but
then they are maybe in simulation.
And you know which parts you will
have to retest on the road, or
which parts you will have to test
on closed-circuit, yeah, yeah.
>> Fascinating.
[MUSIC]